hi this is Michael and this is a review
of the simply vibe v35 bps multifunction
speaker it's very nicely packaged the
box is very attractive it actually has
kind of a very cool magnetic closure to
the front flap and it makes it kind of
exciting to open this up this supports
several different features first of all
it has a microSD slot in it so you can
load up up to an eight gigabyte microSD
card it also has a stereo FM radio in it
although this is a mono speaker it also
has a headphone output and auxiliary
input and a USB charging cable and a
built-in lithium ion battery this is a
very substantial speaker that's not a
very lightweight speaker whatsoever it's
got some real heft to it and it feels
very high quality so you get the speaker
you also get a very extremely poorly
written user manual good luck trying to
figure out how to operate the speaker
fortunately I'm here to help you with
that and then you get two cables you get
a microUSB I'm sorry you get a mini USB
to USB cable and this is for charging
purposes and then you get a mini USB to
3.5 millimeter audio plug for using this
as an external speaker and you can plug
another device into this I'm sorry this
would be the the auxiliary input this is
actually the headphone output so the
best way for me to demonstrate this is
to turn it on so when you turn it on
there's an on/off switch also others a
protective film here the peels off this
is a very kind of a kind of a very
grippy rubbery compound similar to what
you would find on a windshield mount for
a GPS or something you actually need
this because there's so much bass in the
speaker that they'll actually vibrate
around if you don't have this grippy
surface holding it in place it's amazing
how much bass is produced by this little
speaker this is where your micro
SD card goes then this is the headphone
out Jack again this is the mini USB
auxiliary input and also for charging
and then you have the on/off button at
the bottom when you cycle between the
different modes and once again the modes
are FM radio auxiliary input and
built-in micro SD card you use this play
pause button it's the middle of the
three buttons here there's a minus play
pause and plus a long press on this is
what's going to cycle you between the
three modes once you're in the FM radio
mode a quick press of this will put the
radio in to scan and it will scan the
entire FM band and then store in memory
all the stations it finds once it's done
scanning by pressing the minus or the
plus you will go through the stations
that have been found and then a long
hold of the minus or the plus will
increase or decrease the volume a long
press of the play/pause button will then
cycle this into the auxiliary input mode
so if you're using this as an external
speaker for another device that's the
mode you'd want to be in and then a
further long press of the button will
put it into the micro SD playing mode
where it'll play the music that you have
on your micro SD card so I'll turn this
on we're in the FM mode I've already
searched for in your mound station so
Philip I because if ever that is have
been you
to the Marigold very very nice sign
quality even in the FM mode so I'm going
to hold and press this now it's in the
auxiliary input mode and I don't have
something that I can pump into this
right now so we'll just skip right ahead
to the microSD mode and now this is
playing music that I have on the micro
SD card a long press as I said lowers or
increases the volume and a quick press
when you're in the micro SD mode will
pause the music and then a quick press
of the plus or minus will cycle to the
next track so I'm going to put it in a
pause mode I've actually got three other
small similarly priced speakers actually
these two speakers are in the twenty
dollar range the speakers and the forty
to fifty dollar range this one is under
thirty dollars and this is this beats
them all this is the best sounding small
little portable speaker I've ever heard
and that is no exaggeration it's
fantastic and so let's turn it on and
let you listen to it for a few seconds
Oh
hey
this albatron expiry similarly sounding
speaker but this has a much more richer
more bass more punch to
ah this little guy here has a pretty
good sound too but it's definitely
lacking the base just compare
and then finally I have this little guy
over here this is the least quality of
all three speakers no bass no definition
and we come to the richness of the
speaker
fantastic sound you get about five to
six hours of play time depending on how
loud you have the volume the only thing
well there's nothing i love the speaker
the only thing i wish it had a better
user manual so you wouldn't have to dig
around and figure out how it works on
your own essentially but i hope this
helps you out i really really love the
speaker i can't tell you how good it
sounds and i'm sure that the video here
isn't going to convey the sound quality
as well as it would if you were
listening to it in person if you have
any questions leave me a comment i'll
answer it if i can otherwise thanks a
lot for watching and have a great day